[KOGITO-8249] Updating timeouts guide (#287)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/core/timeouts-support.adoc

:jobs_service_image_url: https://quay.io/repository/kiegroup/kogito-jobs-service-allinone
:jobs_service_image_usage_url: https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-images#jobs-services-all-in-one

Serverless Workflow specification defines a wide amount of possible link:{spec_doc_url}#workflow-timeout-definition[timeout configurations]. 

> Among them, {{product_name}} currently supports workflow and event timeouts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Among them, {product_name} currently supports workflow and event timeouts. 
```

Regardless its application scope (workflow or state), timeouts can not be defined as a specific point in time, but it should be an amount of time, a duration, which is considered to start when the referred scope becomes active. Timeouts uses link:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601[`ISO 8601` data and time standard] to specify a duration of time.
It follows the format `PnDTnHnMn.nS` with days considered to be exactly 24 hours.
For instance, `PT15M` configures 15 minutes, and `P2DT3H4M` defines 2 days, 3 hours and 4 minutes.

== Workflow timeout 

You can set up the maximum amount of time a workflow might be running before being cancelled. This is configured in the header section of the flow, by using link:{spec_doc_url}#workflowexectimeout-definition[WorkflowExecTimeout definition]. Only `duration` property is currently implemented. 
Once cancelled, the workflow is considered finished and won't be accessible though a GET request anymore. So it behaves as interrupt was `true` by default. 

> For example, in order to cancel the workflow after an hour of execution, you might add the following snippet. 
> .Example of workflow timeout

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, in order to cancel the workflow after an hour of execution, you might add the following snippet. 

.Example of workflow timeout
[source,json]
```

[source,json]
----

> "timeouts": {
>     "workflowExecTimeout": "PT1H"
>   }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"timeouts": {
    "workflowExecTimeout": "PT1H"
}
```

:jobs_service_image_url: https://quay.io/repository/kiegroup/kogito-jobs-service-allinone
:jobs_service_image_usage_url: https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-images#jobs-services-all-in-one

Serverless Workflow specification defines a wide amount of possible link:{spec_doc_url}#workflow-timeout-definition[timeout configurations]. 
Among them, {product_name} currently supports workflow and event timeouts. 

> Regardless its application scope (workflow or state), timeouts can not be defined as a specific point in time, but it should be an amount of time, a duration, which is considered to start when the referred scope becomes active. Timeouts uses link:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601[`ISO 8601` data and time standard] to specify a duration of time.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Regardless of its application scope (workflow or state), you can not define the timeouts as a specific point in time, but they should be an amount of time, a duration, which is considered to start when the referred scope becomes active. Timeouts use the link:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601[`ISO 8601` data and time standard] to specify a duration of time.
```

It follows the format `PnDTnHnMn.nS` with days considered to be exactly 24 hours.
For instance, `PT15M` configures 15 minutes, and `P2DT3H4M` defines 2 days, 3 hours and 4 minutes.

== Workflow timeout 

> You can set up the maximum amount of time a workflow might be running before being cancelled. This is configured in the header section of the flow, by using link:{spec_doc_url}#workflowexectimeout-definition[WorkflowExecTimeout definition]. Only `duration` property is currently implemented. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can set up the maximum amount of time a workflow might be running before being canceled. This is configured in the header section of the flow, by using the link:{spec_doc_url}#workflowexectimeout-definition[WorkflowExecTimeout definition]. Only the `duration` property is currently implemented. 
```

> Once cancelled, the workflow is considered finished and won't be accessible though a GET request anymore. So it behaves as interrupt was `true` by default. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once canceled, the workflow is considered to be finished and will not be accessible through a GET request anymore. So it behaves as if interrupt was `true` by default. 
```
